Updated README.md (#44)
metakgp/erp-auto-login: README.md

=====================
A browser extension that has to be set up just one time for automatic login to your IITKGP ERP account every time. Just [install the chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iitkgp-erp-auto-login/gdickphilmdekcbmpjmbnbikchaecbdk) or [install the firefox addon](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/iitkgp-erp-auto-login/), and click on the extension logo (IIT Kharagpur's logo) to set up your login credentials.

   <img src="instruction_images/demo.png" />

> **Note:- This is not an official application by IIT Kharagpur. This is the result of hardwork and enthusiasm by [Metakgp](https://metakgp.github.io/).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:- This is not an official application by IIT Kharagpur. This is the result of hard work and enthusiasm by @athityakumar and is maintained by [Metakgp](https://metakgp.github.io/).**
```
